In which sport field do the individuals use “stick”? , Swimming, Pinpon, Baseball, Boxing, c
Which sports field is not included in the Olympics? , Badminton, Riding, Curling, Finger Wrestling, d
What is it called when an athlete leaves one team and joins another? , Lateral transfer, Transfer, Exchange, Vertical transfer, b
Who is the famous sports figure considered the founder of volleyball and who trained first physical education teachers of Turkey? , Selim Sırrı Tarcan, Burhan Felek, Sabri Mahir, Ahmet Cömert, a
Which teams match would you not expect someone who follows the Dutch football league, Eredivisie, to watch? , Heerenveen, Ajax, Genk, PSV, c
How many pins do players try to knock down in a bowling game? , 10, 12, 14, 8, a
What is the abbreviation for the International Amateur Boxing Association? , ULEB, IHF, AIBA, FINA, c
What is the shot clock duration in European basketball? , 14 seconds, 24 seconds, 20 seconds, 30 seconds, b
Who is the French footballer for whom the highest transfer fee in football history has been paid? , Ousmane Dembele, Paul Pogba, Antoine Griezmann, Kylian Mbappe, d
In which professional league do the Dallas Stars play? , NFL, NHL, MLS, NBA, b
What is the only sport to have been played on the surface of the moon? , Golf, Tennis, Badminton, Baseball, a
The Webb Ellis trophy is awarded to the winning team of which sporting competition? , Rugby World Cup, FIFA Football World Cup, French Open, Ryder Cup, a
How many players are there in a volleyball team? , 5, 6, 7, 8, b
Who did the New York Cosmos buy for $4.5 million in 1975? , Diego Maradona, Eusebio, George Best, Pele, d
In which country did the Rumble in the Jungle take place in 1975? , Zaire, Rwanda, Tanzania, Uganda, a
In which sport would you hear the terms, Slip, Yorker and Silly? , Bowls, Bowling, Cricket, Polo, c
After Phil Taylor, who has won the most PDC Darts championships? , Raymond van Barneveld, Dennis Priestley, Michael van Gerwen, Rob Cross, c
In which city will the 2024 Olympics be held? , Los Angeles, Paris, Brisbane, Tokyo, b
The son of which former formula one driver joined the Ferrari Driver Academy in January 2019? , Damon Hill, Fernando Alonso, Mika Häkkinen, Michael Schumacher, d
Bohemians, Dukla, Slavia, and Sparta are Soccer teams based in which European city? , Warsaw, Prague, Vienna, Budapest, b

